[docs] Add note of pq id difference (#12662)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/source/api/link/persisted-queries.mdx

To automatically update the manifest for each new app release, include the `generate-persisted-query-manifest` command in your CI/CD pipeline.

<Tip>

> If you see a difference in the id generated in the manifest and the one your client is sending at runtime, be sure to read the options available in your clients respective `generate-persisted-query-manifest` tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see a difference in the `id` generated in the manifest and the one your client is sending at runtime, read the options available in the [`@apollo/generate-persisted-query-manifest`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@apollo/generate-persisted-query-manifest) package to ensure the configuration matches your usage of Apollo Client.
```

Since this section specifically mentions the `@apollo/generate-persisted-query-manifest` package, its safe to mention that directly. I added a couple more suggestions, but perhaps I'll defer to @Meschreiber to wordsmith it further.
